[CODE TOGETHER] Validation check for arguments passed to qml.operation.Observable (#1547)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Improvements</h3>

> * The error message if no wire number is given to the instantiation of an obserable of class `qml.operation.Observable` was changed to be more informative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An error is raised when no arguments are passed to a `qml.operation.Observable` to inform the user about specifying wires.
```
